Make custom scheme mandatory for Expo (#610)
auth0/react-native-auth0: README.md

  const login = async () => {

>     await authorize();
>     //await authorize({}, {customScheme: 'CUSTOM_SCHEME'); //When using Expo or custom scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    await clearSession(); // clearSession({customScheme: 'CUSTOM_SCHEME') when using Expo or a custom scheme
```

  const logout = async () => {

>     await clearSession();
>     //await clearSession({customScheme: 'CUSTOM_SCHEME'); //When using Expo or custom scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    await clearSession(); // clearSession({customScheme: 'CUSTOM_SCHEME') when using Expo or a custom scheme
```
